doc: add info about file-based streaming to a separate file (#20182)
scylladb/scylla: docs/architecture/_common/file-based-streaming.rst

File-based Streaming
========================

> File-based stremaing is a ScyllaDB Enterprise-only feature that optimizes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
File-based streamingis a ScyllaDB Enterprise-only feature that optimizes
```
